{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14200\viewh16380\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Water
\f1\b0 :\
  w=water\
\

\f0\b Positive charges
\f1\b0 : \
 1p=proton (+)\
 1gly1p=glycinium cat. (+)\
 1am1p=ammonium cat (+)\
 1dma1p=dimethylammonium cat. (+) \
\

\f0\b Bases
\f1\b0 :\
  dma=dimethylamine\
  tma=trimethylamine\
  am=ammonia\
  gd=guanidine\
  ma=methylamine\
  put=putrescine\
  mea=monoethylamine\
  pz=piperazine\
  eda=ethylendiamine\
  mda=methylethylendiamine\
  bda=butane-1,4-diamine\
  pda=propan-1,3-diamine\
  diAAmda=
\f2\i N,N
\f1\i0 -dimethylethylendiamine\
  diABmda=
\f2\i N,N\'92
\f1\i0 -dimethylethylendiamine\
  triAABmda=trimethylethylendiamine\
  teAABBmda= tetramethylethylendiamine\
    \

\f0\b Anorganic acids
\f1\b0 :\
  sa=sulfuric acid\
  b=bisulphate (-)\
  pha=phosforic acid\
  msa=methanesulfonic acid\
  hcl=hydrogenchloride\
  cl=chloride (-)\
\

\f0\b Organics:
\f1\b0 \
  gly=glycine\
  glyt=glycinate an. (-)\
  homF=C6H8O7\
  homJ=C10H16O8\
  fd=folrmaldehyde\
  ml=methanol\
  pxml=methanolperoxide\
\

\f0\b Organic acids
\f1\b0 :\
  aca=acetic acid\
  acc=acetic an. (-)\
  bza=benzoic acid\
  bzc=benzoic an. (-)\
  ca=caric acid\
  cc=caric an. (-)\
  fa=formic acid\
  fc=formic an. (-)\
  hgta=3-hydroxy-glutaric acid\
  maa=maleic acid\
  mbtca=3-methyl-1,2,3-butanetricarboxylic acid\
  mbtcc=3-methyl-1,2,3-butanetricarboxylic an. (-)  \
  mca=malic acid\
  moa=malonic acid\
  oa=oxalic acid\
  oc=oxalic an. (-)\
  pa=pinic acid\
  paca=phenylacetic acid\
  pc=pinic an. (-)\
  pta=phtalic acid\
  pua=pyruvic acid\
  pxfa=peroxyformic acid\
  pxaca=peroxyacetic acid\
  sua=succinic acid\
  suc=succinic an. (-) \
  tba=terebic acid\
  tbc=terebic an. (-)\
  tpa=terpenylic acid\
  tpc=terpenylic an. (-)\
  tta=tartaric acid\
  ttc=tartaric an. (-)\
    \
  \
  \
      \
  \
  \
  }